#62 Slide On Geometry Documentation v1.1.0 (#72)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/terminology.md

**Slide On Segment Constraint**. A slide on segment constraint defines the relationship between a geometry point and a segment defined by two transform objects (i.e. two joints of a rig). This constraint aims to keep the point at a certain distance to the segment but with the possibility of traveling along the segment. It also includes a restriction by angle, preventing the simulated point to twist around the segment.

> **Slide On Geometry Constraint**. A slide on geometry constraint defines a relationship between a geometry point and a surface of an external mesh object. This constraint allows the point to travel along the surface. During simulation, this constraint will try to keep the point at a constant distance to the surface in a given radius.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Slide On Geometry Constraint**. A slide on geometry constraint defines the relationship between a geometry point and a surface of an external mesh object. This constraint allows the point to travel along the surface. During simulation, this constraint aims to keep the point at a constant distance to the surface in a given radius.
```

Author: Done.
